♪The waves of sword dance send out ripples♪
♪I weather the raging storm to chase after the victorious banner♪
♪The snow is not concerned with joy or sadness♪
♪The horse reign I have been holding falls apart in the desert♪
♪My greenness is not an excuse to be bullied♪
♪Spreading the wings and soaring, inviting recklessness at any moment♪
♪I do not fear the life of hardship♪
♪For I shall solve all riddles destined for me♪
♪Great difficulties can summon the sea of courage♪
♪It's worth defending heroic spirits in the martial arts world♪
♪One smile is all it takes, I travel faraway with my spirited ballads♪
♪Chasing after the hot-blooded dreams♪
♪Growing old with a heart of gold♪
♪The journey ahead will leave scars♪
♪A life is only worth living with adventures♪
♪Conflicts are witnessed by the clashing of youths♪
♪Brushing against the blade of time♪
♪At the end of the universe, we embark on another journey yet again♪
♪Chasing after the hot-blooded dreams♪
♪Growing old with a heart of gold♪
♪The journey ahead will leave scars♪
♪A life is only worth living with adventures♪
♪Conflicts are witnessed by the clashing of youths♪
♪Brushing against the blade of time♪
♪At the end of the universe, we embark on another journey yet again♪
[The Blood of Youth: Quest of Heroic Hearts]
[Episode 4]
Weigui!
Weigui.
Where did he go?
Oh, no.
The time has changed.
We must sell more fish today.
Right.
Madam Wang's daughter is about to get married.
[Xiangrui Boutique]
Make sure you attend it.
Yes.
- Congratulations. - Congratulations.
Thank you.
[The Two Sides of Qiankun]
You're back.
And this is...
He
is Ye Zhixin.
He once saved Weigui and me.
Weigui is gone.
He is not here to begin with.
Besides,
I had an important revelation.
There are
two Qiankun Villages.
Two Qiankun Villages?
You
remind me of something.
I read
about this mysterious village
that has two sides.
Right.
It says here
that after every hour,
you'll go back to the other side.
Exactly.
It is as you said.
We now need
to find a way
to enter the other Qiankun Village.
It will be difficult.
They won't
tell outsiders the secret to it easily.
[Bird]
Bird?
I get it now.
Weigui
must have left this clue for us.
Could it be
the Bird is the key?
Right.
When day and night swap,
we can hear the bird's chirp.
I see.
We must find the bird
to enter the other Qiankun Village.
Let's go.
Xiaohua.
[Tea]
How come you're so sure it's the bird?
When I arrived at the Chief's abode,
I noticed that the bird was different.
Chief.
What a weird village.
Let's save
Weigui first.
[Yixiang Eatery]
The pigeon is there.
Drink my concoction
and you will become my thrall.
Stop!
Weigui.
Weigui?
How...
How did you come here?
We saw through your trick.
We found the pigeon
that could change the time.
[Yixiang Eatery]
Weigui.
Come.
You're finally awake.
I thought
you'd wake up a few days later.
I...
You can't remember anything at all?
Two days ago,
we couldn't find you
[Bird]
but we saw what you wrote.
We realized
that it was the key to Qiankun Village's secret.
Stop!
When we found the chief,
your life was hanging by a thread.
Ye intervened
and Chief fled in fear.
After searching the place,
Xiaohua found the prescription for the antidote.
I found it.
Then, we cured your cold toxin.
Weigui.
I saved your life.
Have you seen how terrified
the chief was when he saw me?
You're so lucky to have
a protective leader like me.
What do you think?
As your leader,
I am a man of my word.
Deeply
in love
and
passionate.
Like two cords in...
What are you writing?
Nothing.
They share a strong bond,
like two cords in harmony.
I see.
You're inventing a love story
out of us three to sell it for money.
You've tainted the pure friendship between us.
I
cannot let this slide.
I...
Well,
we can split the profit 40-60.
40-60?
Who gets 40 and who gets 60?
Wait, no.
I'm not materialistic like that.
This isn't about money.
But I suppose
I can give it back to you.
I take 80, you take 20.
Why are you on her side?
Miss Xiaohua,
it must have been tough for you to travel alone in the martial arts world.
She just wants to make a living.
Besides,
without her,
I wouldn't have been alive.
Xiaohua,
I'm sure in the future,
you'll be part of Baixiao Hall.
Truth be told, Ye,
I do have the Skysplitter fragment.
I just didn't know that the chief would turn the villagers
against us in order to get it.
The Skysplitter fragment
has caused many conflicts
in the martial arts world.
This hardly surprises me.
Weigui.
Now that you're awake,
and we're all safe,
let's get out of here quickly
in case we get into any trouble.
Thank you, Ye, for helping us again.
That way, we get to keep the fragment safe.
I
will repay your kindness in the future.
You're welcome, Lei.
I have business to attend to.
Allow me
to bid farewell here.
Take care.
Ye.
It's dangerous out there.
Why don't you
travel with us?
We can
look after each other.
No need.
I was told that someone in Qingyin Parlor has the Skysplitter fragment.
You should go there now.
May we
meet again.
Ye
looks fragile,
but he's very strong.
And why didn't he get the Skysplitter fragment on his own?
He
is stronger than us.
[Yixiang Eatery]
I cannot stay here anymore.
Greetings, Sect Leader.
I wasn't expecting you.
At ease.
Madam,
I have been
collecting herbs for years.
My research
is about to succeed.
Do not worry, Madam.
I will find a way
to cure you.
What have you done to the villagers?
I did that for you.
Unfortunately,
you used the wrong method.
So,
you must be hungry.
Come.
Thank you for saving my life.
You're my sidekick.
I'm in charge of you.
No need to thank me either.
I was paid for it anyway.
Oh, Weigui,
back then, we were in danger,
so I didn't have time to ask you.
Are you searching for the Skysplitter fragment
so that you can rule the world as well?
No.
I knew I was right about you.
You're not power-hungry like the others.
Then why do you want
the fragment?
Greetings, Sect Leader.
Have you saved the villagers?
[Left Emissary]
Qiankun Village has been dealt with.
Good.
But
I would like to seek clarification.
The chief took over the village
so that he could study medicine for your ailment.
Why must you...
Qin Aoxiong would kill innocents just to set up a trap
to obtain the Skysplitter fragment.
What happened to Qiankun Village was even worse.
The whole village was sacrificed.
Everyone plots and schemes to extreme lengths
to get
the fragment.
Little did they know,
it might just be a lure released by that person.
Master told us
that the Skysplitter
was a divine sword forged
by the ancient forge deity using Mountainfort Copper.
It is very durable,
and probably will never shatter.
But something doesn't make sense to me.
Who was Qin Aoxiong working for?
And who
told the chief about the Skysplitter fragment?
I swear it wasn't me.
It's okay.
At this point,
perhaps only he
knows where Skysplitter is.
I want the Skysplitter fragment
so that I can have my answer.
Answer?
Why do you desire so much to be
the top swordsman then?
My master told me to do that.
I might as well train myself in the martial arts world.
Maybe one day,
I can find
the heart of sword like my master did
and unsheathe my sword.
Oh, Weigui.
Your swordsmanship is excellent.
Who taught you that?
I bought a random sword manual,
studied it thoroughly,
and practiced every day.
I owe my accomplishments today
to my persistent training.
That's all it takes to be this strong?
I'm impressed.
But
I've also heard
that an ordinary martial monk
who practices Dragon King Fist for 50 years
can create fire from an ember
or sprout a flower from a rock.
I believe
as long
as I practice diligently,
I will become
the strongest swordsman.
♪The fearless youths band together and travel the world♪
♪With a carefree heroic spirit, it's never lonely with a confidant♪
♪How can I make peace when time♪
♪Only leaves me with my shadow?♪
♪Yet the intertwining bonds in my life♪
♪Render me blind♪
♪I was once naive and innocent♪
♪Seeking a soul with whom to dance♪
♪Yet my life is like a wisp of smoke♪
♪Scattered by a gust of wind♪
♪In this life, I am not destined to be understood♪
♪But misunderstood♪
♪I do not know sincerity♪
♪If the river of time could flow back to its starting point♪
♪Let's not meet again♪
♪No one will be able to understand me♪
♪None will go as I wish♪
♪How I long for that one moment to last forever♪
♪All mortal obsessions turn into dusts of nothingness♪
♪Let's not meet in another life♪
♪Not in another life♪
♪How can I make peace when time♪
♪Only leaves me with my shadow?♪
♪Yet the intertwining bonds in my life♪
♪Render me blind♪
♪I was once naive and innocent♪
♪Seeking a soul with whom to dance♪
♪Yet my life is like a wisp of smoke♪
♪Scattered by a gust of wind♪
♪In this life, I am not destined to be understood♪
♪But misunderstood♪
♪I do not know sincerity♪
♪If the river of time could flow back to its starting point♪
♪Let's not meet in another life♪
♪Not in another life♪